Avoid byte copy operations to decompress data for snapshots (#17493)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/5.10.2.rst

  E.g.::

    SELECT * FROM tbl WHERE boolean_pk_col OR boolean_pk_col = false

> - Fixes a regression introduced in :ref:`version_5.10.0` that caused
>   ``CREATE SNAPSHOT`` statement to fail with ``OutOfMemoryError``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a performance regression introduced in :ref:`version_5.10.0` that
  caused ``CREATE SNAPSHOT`` to use more memory. That could cause the
  statement to fail with ``OutOfMemoryError`` under memory pressure.
```
